mysterious drones over New Jersey the
Nationwide sightings of mysterious
drones weeks of mysterious drone
sightings you're telling me we don't
know what what the hell these drones are
in New Jersey are that's right they're
saying no threat but how the hell do
they know they don't know anything they
don't know what it is they don't know
where it come from tip of the iceberg
would be a gross understatement for that
headline more like tip of a sunken
continent no that ain't no playing yo
what the [__] is that bro people in New
York and New Jersey see drones the size
of an SUV over there house every night
and think that that doesn't make any
sense sure they understand why people
would be looking at this and being
concerned about it we're concerned about
it
too the US Air Force say there are
drones don't you [__] believe it the
US Air Force lies there was a drone just
hanging out I put my drone up in the air
and went towards it not 3 minutes into
the flight drone started going down dead
these are fully charged batteries what's
going on here isn't new and these aren't
all drones you see it you see how it
goes and they're not just over New
Jersey they're all over the world there
were several mystery drone flights over
our nuclear testing range just take a
look at all of the military sites all
over the world that these drones have
visited this is the continuation of a
story that's been unraveling since the
dawn of the atomic
age based off of the information that
you've been preview to is there any
indication that these uaps are
interested in our nuclear technology and
capabilities yes by internal observation
sure that could be a fair assessment
yeah
yes after the detonation of the atomic
bombs in Japan that's when the UFO
sightings ramped
up when Oppenheimer detonated the
world's first atom bomb at Trinity test
site in 1945 and later as Edward
teller's hydrogen bomb shook the South
Pacific in
1952 since then UFOs have been
systematically surveying and even
tampering with our nuclear weapons
stockpiles and power plants all 10
missiles were off alert all 10 whole
flight was off alert all
red and I
said it looks like we got a
UFO UFOs consistently appear at nuclear
weapons facilities and energy grids
around the
world from Los Alamos to Hanford to
Oakridge to melstrom to Minot to Fe
Warren to Savannah riversite to Royal
Air Force bases in the UK and nuclear
sites in the former Soviet Union UFOs
are seen hovering over silos tampering
with comms links and even disabling
nuclear missiles themselves they were
not launchable they they were in a no-go
condition and if you want to learn all
about it you're in luck because today's
amazing American Alchemist is Robert
Hastings the man who has dedicated his
life to documenting this unquestionable
connection Jesse Michaels and his crew
are here today and they're doing uh an
interview with me so we're in the middle
of that so let me call you later today
and we'll discuss this further his
nearly 600 page book UFOs in nukes is
literally the world's best database on
this phenomena I view your book UFOs in
nukes as sort of a the best possible
database when it comes to Credible
Witnesses viewing UFOs Hastings has
personally interviewed 167 employees of
nuclear bases across the United States
many of whom are clear to the most
sensitive American National Security
Secrets holy mackerel there's this white
pulsating object that can't be one of
ours these are missile technicians ICBM
security Personnel missileers radar
operators and more who have all seen
orbs saucers discs and Tic Tacs in and
around the most sensitive nuclear
airspace by nature of who they are these
Witnesses are inherently some of the
most reliable in the world some
literally have their finger on the
nuclear button you know they're on what
they call PRP they have to like report
if they're like you know taking IB proof
for God's
sakes and these Witnesses couldn't care
less about fame or attention in fact
most of them want to avoid these things
at all costs in fact many of them have
suffered intensely in their careers for
speaking out about their experiences a
flag was being put in their folders
citing them as a security risk so that
if they sought employment with like an
aerospace company or something the Air
Force would have designated them to be
security risks we will interview two of
these Witnesses with mind-blowing
stories directly in this episode and you
can be the judge one was threatened
repeatedly and his records were deleted
from vandenbberg Air Force Base they
threatened my life you're going down
[__] means to me we're going to
kill you they denied there was ever a
Robert Jacobs in the Air Force he gets a
phone call one night he and his wife
come home from a movie the phone rings
the voice says your mailbox Al light
what a beautiful sight you're going down
[__] while the other boarded a
craft at Ellsworth Air Force Base in
South Dakota they were just multi levels
with with all these small Grays
everywhere Hastings has risked his life
in telling stories like these do you
feel like your Communications are being
tracked or no question after each one of
those calls I would talk to them hang up
the phone within a minute or five or 10
the phone would ring I would pick it up
and there would be nothing but heavy
breathing in the
[Applause]
[Music]
phone I originally met Robert because I
had been going around making constant
public references to his great book UFOs
and nukes Robert Hastings Robert
Hastings Robert Hastings who wrote UFOs
and nukes so Robert emailed me because
he wanted to let me know that while he
had documented 100 plus UFO Witnesses at
nuclear sites across the US I was
personally overstating the amount of
radar operators who he had spoken to if
that doesn't say something about
Robert's character and attention to
detail I don't know what does he comes
from a bygone era of meticulousness and
passion that journalists used to display
and one that's easily palpable in this
interview Robert Hastings was 100%
spot-on before anybody else um and this
is the man who deserves the recognition
he is the giant that a lot of us has
stand stood on his
shoulders it does not contain any
pattern of purpose or of
consistency this documentary will answer
the two biggest critiques thrown at UFOs
by Skeptics number one UFOs are
ephemeral they show up randomly and
sporadically there's nothing repeatable
or predictable about them the nuclear
thing is a repeatable pattern legacy US
uo programs have used nuclear material
or sometimes even phony nuclear material
to bait UFOs to show
up and number two UFOs are some American
deep State scop why do they only seem to
show up at American military bases a
huge disc-shaped object was seen
hovering over this missile base in
Soviet Ukraine the bentwaters case in
1980 in England that was the largest
group of tactical nuclear weapons being
stored in Western Europe and it went
back out into the field and then it
exploded silently into objects white
objects and
disappeared UFOs are repeatedly and
scientifically attracted to nuclear
sites you can kind of guess if if there
is a UFO sighting there might be nuclear
connection there take the most famous
archetypal sighting in American history
the crashed flying disc at Roswell New
Mexico in 1947 well Roswell was actually
the site of the first atomic bomber
Squadron in America the Squadron
responsible for dropping bombs on
Hiroshima and
Nagasaki in 1994 62 elementary school
kids at the aerial School in Zimbabwe
said that they saw a silver craft
descend from the sky and land on a field
near the school well guess where the
aerial school was and you know an aerial
school that was near a uranium uh mining
site that is right that's far as I
understand and what about that story
that Vice ran in 2022 about a little
town in Japan that's obsessed with UFOs
it's a place called Eno and it's
actually right next to fukushima's
nuclear grid and after an earthquake
famously triggered a nuclear power
meltdown there in 2011 the chief monk of
a local temple said the UFOs came after
the explosion there were so many of them
I was shocked similarly Harvard PhD
Jensen andreon writes about UFO activity
at the height of the Chernobyl disaster
when many people in in the area observed
a UFO come stay for 3 minutes shine a
light at the reactor and depart I could
go on all day by the end of this
documentary the only question you'll be
left with is why why are UFOs so
interested in our nuclear technology
it's no different than we go to the
sereniti and we watch the Cheetahs
praying upon the analou you know it's
it's interesting to watch what are their
hunting techniques what are their
capabilities it might be as simple as
like it's an attractant like a fly or
bosquito to a blue light right it's kind
of like taking matches out of the hands
of a
baby whoa yeah whoo right so without
further Ado meet the man who has risked
his life documenting this unquestionable
but infinitely bizarre connection a
mysterious link that lies at the heart
of the modern UFO question this week's
American Alchemist the legendary Robert
Hastings did you know your personal
information is being bought in sold
online right now data Brokers collect
and sell your private details like your
phone number address and even
information about your relatives this
makes it easier than ever for scammers
stalkers and even strangers to access
your data with the rise in online
threats protecting your privacy is no
longer optional I use delete me to take
control of my online privacy it's a
handsfree subscription service that
removes my personal information from
hundreds of data broker sites I recently
got my privacy report report and seeing
how many sites had my info and then
watching that data disappear was
absolutely incredible delete me's
experts do all the work for you
monitoring and removing your data all
year round it's not just about
protecting yourself when data Brokers
sell your information they also expose
details about your family that's why
delete me offers a family plan to help
you Safeguard your loved ones too this
episode is sponsored by delete me get
20% off by going to join delet me.com
20 and using the code jesse2 at checkout
protect your personal information and
take back your privacy
today Declassified US Government
documents and witness testimony from
former or retired US military personnel
confirmed Beyond any doubt the reality
of ongoing UFO incursions at nuclear
weapons sites
how does anybody get into the topic of
UFOs showing up around nuclear sites my
father was career Air Force and in 1967
he was stationed at Malmstrom Air Force
baseed
Montana I was a junior in high school at
the time he got me a job at the air
traffic control tower on the base as a
[Music]
janitor at one point I made the
acquaintance of an FAA supervisor named
Bob
grasser one night and as best as I can
tell it was the second half of March of'
67 was emptying trash cans and pushing a
broom and he motioned me over to his
scope and he pointed he said we're
tracking and he probably said unknowns
that's the formal term for unidentified
objects I saw five blips in the sort of
Northeast quadrant of his radar scope
as I recall it after all these years I
got kind of excited by this and started
peppering him with questions and his
whole demeanor kind of went uhoh you
know I've said too much nevertheless I
went home and told my dad you know
you're not going to believe what
happened tonight at the tower he said uh
the guys that I'm talking to down there
think they're probably Soviet
surveillance planes and even though I
was 16 I went five surveillance planes
you know and the controller told me they
were basically stationary you know the
the Soviets flying helicopters over
Montana I don't think
so when his stint as a janitor at mstom
was over Robert went to college got
married and began working as a
photographer but that gnawing urge to
understand what he had witnessed never
left him in 1973 while brushing up on
UFOs he stumbled upon an article that
famed astronomer Jay Allen HCK had
written in 1966 while running Project
Blue Book the official government UFO
investigations program out of the Air
Force the article said that UFOs had
float around nuclear missiles at Min not
Air Force Base in North
Dakota and I went holy crap you know
that's had to be what was happening at
malstrom so I was of and running at that
point and slowly but surely during the
early 70s onward I just began seeking
out military veterans who might have
information they could share when we got
down there they told us that this bogey
was out there right over the Hanford
Ordinance Works and directed Lieutenant
Commander Brown to take off and
challenge him thanks to Roberts efforts
we now know that UFO overflights of
nuclear bases were happening as early as
1945 in the United
States months before the Trinity test in
New Mexico months before the atomic
bombings in Japan Bud Clen was
describing luminous balls of light
hovering over the handford plutonium
protection site being chased Away
unsuccessfully by jet fighters on three
occasions he said all I can see is a
bright red reddish orange uh Fireball
right up in front of
me when the Roswell object crash which
Lou alzando in his new book has said was
indeed a bonafide UFO crash in July 47
That Base was the only the only nuclear
bomber base in the world at the
time in 1948 a renowned expert in meteor
rights at the University of New Mexico
named Lincoln leaz began studying green
Fireballs often in correlation with
nuclear facilities and detonations
he concluded that given the Fireballs
flight patterns that they were
artificially controlled and not just
naturally occurring
phenomena Dan Wilson spent I don't know
how many hours tracking down Green
Fireball sightings that were coinciding
with radiation drifting across the
American landscape dozens and dozens of
instances where within hours of a
certain test occurring and the
subsequent radiation drift ing across
this part of America or that part of
America those Geographic locations had
greenfall at Fireball sightings
fascinating when they exploded unlike a
normal meteor there was no noise there
was no debris
found it didn't continue after 1948 so
the question is still
open and what about the famous DC
flyover in 195 52 in Washington
ghostlike objects D across the radar
screen at the CAA Traffic Control Center
at National Airport for several hours
traveling more than 100
mph this was a very famous incident
where saucers were seen everywhere in
and around Washington DC causing
headlines like saucers on the White
House
lawn and an emergency phone call between
President Truman and Blue Book Chief
investigator Edward J Rupel
but what did any of this have to do with
nuclear what happened in
1952 the DC UFO sightings in in
July yeah I was going to say the oh what
else the first hbomb the hbomb te teller
yeah the concern that I have is that in
1952 what if there was someone there to
hear what we said in the Pacific we sent
off a signal just way just the way when
North Korea detonates a nuclear device
it sends seismic waves through the Earth
can't stop sending information outside
of the
country I think in 1952 we sent a signal
to the cosmos which is that we're very
very close to being in possession of
root level knowledge to take a software
metaphor if there was something or
someone there to hear us they probably
heard us as saying we're on the verge of
being able to come visit
you that's
[Music]
terrifying but the DC flyover occurred
in July of 1952 and the first hydrogen
bombs were tested later that year in
November so the timing is a bit off if
Weinstein is attempting to draw an exact
correlation but what's not as well known
is that at the time a state-of-the-art
plutonium and trium production facility
was being built at Savannah riversite in
South
Carolina in July of 1952 it had just
become operational and it was the most
secretive Atomic site in the United
States in fact a young nuclear engineer
stationed there named John Anderson was
required to attend a group event with a
hundred other Engineers on site to
celebrate the 150th anniversary of the
founding of DuPont company in 1802 kind
of weird but hey I guess that's what you
celebrate while working on a nuclear
site Anderson and his colleagues were
quickly overtaken by a green glowing
object angular and size darting back and
forth erratically at high speeds and
altitudes with phenomenal
maneuverability we now know that the
date of this event was likely July 19th
1952 the peak day of sightings for the
1952 DC flyover were the UFOs perhaps
trying to send a message to our federal
government
and what was being detected by the best
American telescopes at the time well
I've spoken to an amazing Swedish
astronomer named beatric Vel about just
that so we were comparing this images
from the early 50s to images as it looks
today and I was hoping to see this
perfect sparkling star that you can find
in multiple images that one day vanishes
and uh I had this image where you could
see multiple Stars appearing and
managing which is completely crazy I got
an idea of that one of the ways how one
can also search for more such examples
by looking for those that are lying
along a line or in a narrow band and we
had two such examples that were
statistically significant one is uh five
objects on a narrow band and it's from
the 27th of July
1952 and then my colleague enri found
these three uh Stars the triple
transient this one is from the 19th of
July
1952 that's absolutely amazing I mean
cuz in UFO lore this Washington Invasion
or DC flyover where there were saucers
all over DC at the time and it was
spefic was July of 1952 but it was
specifically two weekends it was the
19th and 20th and it was the 26th and
27th so I find that absolutely
remarkable But Eric Weinstein may have
still been right in another sense there
is actually a direct link between the
hydrogen bomb blasts at the Marshall
Islands and
UFOs the famous tests codeen named
Operation Ivy and operation
Castle there was another major one
called project Castle or operation
Castle in uh the spring of
54 and I found Sailors who are aboard
various vessels who were describing very
brief but clearly sightings of dis
shaped objects or spherical shaped
objects hovering over their
[Music]
ships in fact the entry from the deck
log of the USS Curtis the ship that
detonated the hydrogen bomb at bikini at
toll reads at 2305 an unidentified
luminous object passed over ship from
bow to stern yellowish orange in color
traveling at a high rate of speed and a
low altitude
I remembered the line from the Hindu
scripture of the Bhagavad Gita now I am
become death the destroyer of
worlds the connection between UFOs and
nuclear was known since the beginning of
American government Atomic
programs we now know due to verified
Declassified documents that on May 5th
1949 after multiple sightings at killing
base at Camp Hood Texas
which stored America's largest nuclear
stockpile to date that an emergency
meeting was held the meeting included
the Air Force's office of special
investigations the Office of Naval
intelligence Army Counter Intelligence
and the
FBI they were called in to discuss the
sudden ubiquitous appearance of UFOs
across nuclear bases in the
US also that year a now public FBI memo
was sent to direct J N your Hoover
reporting flying discs flying saucers
and Balls of Fire quote unquote
considered Top Secret by Intelligence
Officers of both the Army and Air Force
the memo goes on to discuss frequent
sightings at Los salamas the
headquarters of the Manhattan Project
there are some people I'm uh colleagues
with that like their grandparents were
actually you know the UFO report people
on the Manhattan Project and I remember
being told that I'm like really holy
crap that's crazy you know there's like
a whole other side of the Manhattan
Project the connection between UFOs and
nuclear was known since the beginning of
American government Atomic programs and
UFOs are classified with the same
protocols governing American Atomic
Secrets if something is not a nuke but
it has radiological energy coming off it
you know Alpha Beta Decay whatever same
secrecy same secrecy
[Music]
in a 1952 look magazine article titled
the hunt for the Flying Saucer Chief UFO
investigator for the Air Force Captain
Edward J Rupel is quoted saying many of
the sightings reported had originated at
one Atomic weapons related site or
another all around the country and Rupel
is on record in the article saying that
uh we are aware of 63 separate incidents
of UFOs being cited at nuclear weapons
facilities in fact the rumors of UFOs at
Los Alamos and other nuclear sites were
so widespread that Elanor Roosevelt
wrote to Oppenheimer inquiring about
them responding with a letter that's
been fully verified and archived in the
Library of Congress Oppenheimer wrote
back reassuring the former first lady
that these were just
rumors but from a 1971 Australian
intelligence document written by the
head of their nuclear division Harry
Turner Oppenheimer was deeply involved
in exotic anti-gravity
research so as Oppenheimer playing down
would alimer have been told the
Manhattan Project would have custody of
it and then it would go into the atomic
energy commission and then it would go
into the depart energy which has its own
line of clearances and that's why I
can't find among the people I know who
have clearances Above Top sacr they've
never heard heard of this yeah they've
never heard of this because you can be
in the Pentagon with the top secret
clearance that if you if you're not
briefed on the atomic secrets you
wouldn't get the clearances that you
needed to do to open up that
[Music]
thing fast forward to 1964 we're on
vandenbberg Air Force Base in California
a classified program is taking place
called Atlas testing dummy nuclear
warheads being launched from
intercontinental ballistic missiles a
photo instrumentation specialist
Lieutenant Bob Jacobs was tasked with
capturing the launch of two missiles
from 100 miles north of vandenbberg at
Big
Sur a giant 18 wheel truck came tracking
up this forest service road and brought
this enormous Kad optic telescope with a
focal length of about 2,000 Ines the
normal length on a 35 millimeter camera
is 2 inches so you can imagine how big
the image would be in a 2,000 in lens so
I said wow this is neat and the the the
guy who had who had built this thing was
named Walt Manning Dr Walt Manning at
Briget at Boston University anyway we
got the telescope all set up we were
ready to go and major management called
and he said tomorrow morning at
0600 get ready because we're launching a
an Atlas missile and we want you to
photograph that with the big bu
telescope I went okay so at 0600 we were
up and ready to go and an Atlas missile
popped up through the ground fog that
was covering the whole Coastline all the
way down there it was
beautiful we took the film back to to
vanderberg where it was processed and a
day later I got a call from major
mansman who said come up to my office so
I went to his office uh and he said
there was a a movie screen set up and a
16 mm projector and there was Major
mansman and as I recall two guys in Gray
suits on the screen was the film we had
shot we could see clearly on film the
nose cones separate then we saw the
dummy
Warhead and suddenly into that frame an
object flew in chasing the Warhead and
so on at the same speed it's going
between 6 and 8,000 miles an hour at
that point and it fired a beam of light
at the dummy Warhead the object flew up
like this shot another beam of light at
the dummy Warhead went around like this
shot another beam of light at it went
down like this shot a beam of light like
this and then flew out the same way to
come in at which time the dummy Warhead
did this and fell out of the
frame Florence mansman analyzed the film
frame by frame with a magnifier what's
called a loop magnifier and he's on
record by the mid 80s he was writing to
Jacobs in private letters saying what I
saw with the magnifier was a disc-shaped
object with a dome and before each of
the four flashes of light were observed
the whole disc pivoted Flash the light
pivoted back and then pivoted again for
for the next Flash
the lights came on and major mansman
said to me were you guys screwing around
up there and I said no sir and he said
what was that and I said it looks like
we got a
UFO and he said Lieutenant Jacobs you
are never to speak of this again it
never
happened the two guys in the gray suits
stood behind him looking at me he said I
make myself clear I said yes sir what
else you going to say say to to the
major in
charge so who were these mysterious men
in suits mansman said they were CIA and
They confiscated the film not a hire air
force office CIA confiscated the film
didn't they delete your records from the
government as well people denied that
you worked at Vandenburg is that is that
right they denied there was ever a
Robert Jacobs in the Air Force and they
in another inquiry they denied there was
ever a Robert Jacobs at vanderberg Air
Force
Bas then they denied there was ever
anybody named Robert Jacobs in charge of
the 1369 photographic
Union division Iran and he managed over
a 100 people so it's pretty easy for
corroborate yeah I had 13 guys working
for me and I had two two friends from
college who are my commanding people and
I also have something called dd14 I have
I have records
here show my officer efficiency reports
are in there I can't get rid of stuff my
wife keeps saying clear that [__] out of
your out of that F camer over there Bob
I go no I might use it and sure enough
it's turned out to be valuable oh yeah
in defending myself against the infamy
of the CIA but we didn't have a launch
on that day there was no Atlas launch
that day well Goddamn well there was
because Robert found the found the files
from vanderbur Miss SE that particular
that particular launch in detail so they
did not they also scrubbed the launch
itself from the records correct never
happened wow and never and your mailbox
was blown up as well right my wife and I
had been out to a movie we came back
from the movie about 10:00 at night and
there was a message on on my answering
machine and it
said um fireworks in your mailbox at
night oh what a beautiful site you're
going down [__] and my mailbox
blew up I live on a farm I had a rural
mailbox and there was an explosion my
mailbox blew
up I took that quite seriously I bought
an ammunition for my
gun well we now basically know that in
1952 the cia's office of scientific
intelligence took the real UFO
investigations underground they did this
while performing a psychological
operation the American population in the
form of Air Force's Project Blue Book
which was explicitly meant to downplay
and explain away UFOs project blook was
the best they could do at the time
because they felt they had a real
project going on that was secret G is
that true and the Air Force did oh I
didn't know that so really it was the
CIA and the atomic energy commission
responsible for the real deeper research
on UFOs the FBI and the Air Force
project bluebo were kept in the dark
this clip from the great James Fox movie
out of the blue is perhaps telling Edgar
Hoover wrote several letters stating
that the investigation of unidentified
flying objects is not and never has been
within the jurisdiction of the FBI
here's just another example of joint CIA
atomic energy research going on around
UFOs at the
time at the end of the Cuban Missile
Crisis on the 25th of October in 1962
a nuclear test called Blue Guild triple
prime was executed it involved a sub
Megaton X1 nuclear warhead launched
minutes before midnight at Johnston atol
in the South Pacific according to many
on the ship witnessing the test a bright
fiery object tumbled out from the plume
of the blast there is apparently video
evidence of this in fact an Australian
intelligence officer who's dealt with
sensitive nuclear assets named Jeff
kushank says that this video was later
sanitized and censored to cover up the
UFO he says that a white triangle was
later superimposed on the video where
the object tumbles out of the plume only
a few milliseconds after the detonation
the fireball is approximately a kilm
wide a bright fiery object tumbles out
from within uh the nucular
Fireball and it's plain as day you can
slow it down and see this very bright
objects it must be at least 50 to 100 m
long tumble out from within the nuclear
forall you believe that that is some
kind of
craft just like the one that was
following uh the atlas 8f test but this
time it was a real Warhead Kus shank
also maintains that the recovery effort
was documented in the original ship's
deck logs and that a spherical debris
with some very interesting properties
was found these tests were overseen by
the albuquer operations office whose
atomic energy commission director was
none other than Lawrence SK who happens
to be Jeff bezos's maternal
grandfather did everything you thought
it would be but Jeff kushank is just one
source and he's in Australia Harold
melgram a direct advisor to four
American Presidents including JFK is a
man whose credentials are Beyond
reproach and just look at what he
tweeted am now reconstructing my
personal interactions with Los Alamos
Lawrence G bluegill ICBM interception
tests 1961 62 and JFK visit to Los alos
November
1962 so it sounds like JFK might have
gotten into UFOs in November of 1962 all
of this might explain this letter of
admittedly controversial provenance that
was supposedly foed in 2005 it's from
JFK but it's dated November 12th 1963
just 10 days before his death
in the letter the president is asking
the CIA director John mcon for all data
on unknowns so the Americans could
coordinate better with the Soviets on
Dayton and so the Soviets wouldn't
mistake UFOs for acts of American
aggression all of this would also
explain some very interesting recent
statements made by Trump's FBI appointe
cash Patel about the JFK file you're
talking to a guy that's read the entire
JFK file the things that we can't
release have nothing to do with the
questions you guys are asking the
answers you guys
want pretty much have them there is
very
minimal stuff that can't be seen for
things that you wouldn't even think or
related to I want to be clear we don't
have enough Clarity on the origins of
this letter to know that it's
conclusively real it was supposedly Foy
by a guy in 2005 so I don't know if it's
real but it fully comports with malm's
story that JFK visited Los Alamos in '
62 it also makes sense in the context of
JFK's dayt efforts with Russia John
Greenwald has done some good work
investigating this document and has
found some anomalies in it if any other
researchers can either prove it to be a
forgery or real that would be extremely
helpful and revelatory so have at it but
I digress let's move away from
speculation and get back to the
abundance of over overwhelming hard
facts around the widespread UFO nuclear
link do you have
conviction that uh the video that you
watched was not altered in any way and
what is the source of that conviction if
if you do do you know Luis alzando I do
yeah he verified when he was in charge
of atip he saw my my film my account
it's been transferred to DVD at that
point but he saw it and he said that's
exactly what uh what I saw he saw the
video and and we had it that's crazy
because that's what I was gonna ask you
he said he was like I think Lou has seen
the video so you've seen the video yeah
so you know this is a real thing yeah oh
my God it's is the video do you still
have the video or I don't have it was it
was in pentagon with all my other files
when when the Pentagon said they deleted
everything of course we know they really
didn't because really after they oh yeah
oh yeah oh my God I know where
everything is and then and then when I
talked to Buddy mine apparently somebody
went in and they they cleaned everything
out but what they don't realize is that
there's backups in a whole lot of places
at that P okay the problem is if I say
it right now they'll go and mysteriously
a bunch of people's computers will wind
up disappearing tomorrow so I'm just GNA
wait until the right time and uh you
know that stuff is alive and well I just
wanted to put enough out there touch on
all the most sensitive parts but I'm I
don't want to overly disclose CU it's
not my job someone told me that Dave
grush was aware of the film and when he
was on the task force he had a colleague
check a military archive to see if they
could find any confirmation of the Big
Sir incident according to Dave this
person did indeed find radar data
confirming that an anomalous aerial
object paced the Warhead uh I think
that's about all I can say publicly at
this
point there is evidence that someone or
more accurately something has tampered
with our nuclear capability Bob Jacob's
incident at Big Sir was just one example
of a UFO directly interfering with
military technology just a few years
later hundreds of miles away at mstom
Air Force Base in Montana another
unsettling event would take place this
time affecting an entire row of
intercontinental ballistic
[Music]
missiles good afternoon my name is
Robert
solace in uh 1967 I was a first
lieutenant uh station at malstrom Air
Force Base
[Music]
Montana sometime in the evening hours on
March 24th I I received a call from one
of my uh topside guards the flight
security controller stating that they
had been observing strange lights in the
sky making odd
Maneuvers he called back uh about 5
minutes later this time he was screaming
into the phone saying uh they're uh
looking at an object uh a red glowing
object hovering just above our front
gate I went to wake my commander Fred
myal who was taking a a rest break
started to tell him about the phone call
and uh just as I told him our missiles
began going into what's called a no-go
condition or unlaunchable essentially
they were disabled the missiles started
shutting down or going off alert the
only thing I could think was oh my
[Music]
God Bob Jameson you were there too right
yes sir and you were in the Air Force
yes I was in the Air Force where were
you when this was happening yeah was a
I'm targeting was a targeting officer
missile targeting officer I was at home
relaxing and I got a call from job
control to tell them to come in and sure
enough on job control they have a wall
and they have green lights where all the
missiles are on alert except for one
corner all 10 missiles were off alert
all 10 whole flight was off alert all
red is it possible they just
malfunctioned that doesn't happen very
rarely does a missile malfunction and I
don't think any much more rare would be
two at the same time but never 10 and
they told me yes it was a sheriff in Roy
Montana reported UFO at the same time
all the missiles went off alert the same
person that told me all 10 missiles went
off alert also told me that there was a
UFO that went down into a canyon near a
little town not far from mstom called
Belt Montana it's a can there was a
canyon there and there was a UFO trapped
in the canyon the canyon is too steep to
send men down in a night this is at
night time walls are too steep to send
men down at night or even a helicopter
down through that so they're going to
take in them soon as Dr daylight comes
they're going to take some helicopters
and bring go down in there and I found
out later yeah as soon as daylight came
they sent the helicopters and this UFO
just went right through the helicopters
and out between the helicopters and
out Skeptics have said that what you
experienc and Bob Salis have reported um
really amounted to some sort of Air
Force drill Readiness drill how would
you respond to that okay I've heard of
that but I tell you right now the
Pentagon the military will not shut down
10 strategic missiles just to hold a Fed
test it's not worth it or if we hold
down we only have we have a thousand had
a thousand missiles at the time if you
take 10 down you you St p a little bit
of our national security and the P
Pentagon the Air Force sack would not do
that and they never have done it I've
already mentioned my awareness of a
radar tracking at mstom in the spring of
67 based on my knowledge of the time
frame when I was at the tower um and the
events that I witnessed on the radar
screen where I was shown these five
objects the T time of day that occurred
in the evening it's conceivable that I
witnessed uh what Bob was dealing with
out at the missile site who uh makes the
like encryption for these sort of
systems is that the NSA is that the you
know uh it's an Air Force system so I
I'm assuming that all the coding and you
know all the technical aspects are
controlled by the Air Force okay uh
Boeing is the main missile contractor um
I know in fact uh there's a guy named
Arie arnson who is a former Air Force uh
officer and he in the course of giving
this testimony public testimony publicly
has said one of his jobs was to take the
encrypted missile launch codes to the
various missile sites wow so it's an Air
Force operation wow
yeah Malmstrom like many of the sites
mentioned here have experienced repeated
UFO Encounters in fact in January of
1993 combat targeting team member John
Mills recalls driving with a six person
crew back to mstom base where he was
stationed and seeing a bright object
zigzagging around the sky when the crew
got back to command everybody at the
vehicle equipment control Branch was
saying that there had been anomalies all
over the base that day it was an Open
Secret that the site was covered in
UFOs we now go to Min not Air Force Base
in North Dakota in
1966 so 707 understood give me a couple
seconds
historically these UFOs seem to toy with
American nuclear sites turning them off
at will but in this specific case in
especially jarring one nuclear missiles
were actually activated retired US Air
Force Captain David shindel rememberers
starting his shift and hearing reports
about a bright red glowing object
hovering over the
base when AK came to the door I was met
by the the site manager tech sergeant
and he he put his hands out like this
and he says that object out there had
flashing lights he sort of indicated how
big that that object was by putting his
hands out like that and I estimated
maybe it was 80 100 ft wide I don't know
uh and probably about 100 ft away from
theil the objects flew over alphaflight
to Oscar flight giving erratic
indications to the launch sites as it
went Robert Hastings did a phone
interview with Captain David Sher who
actually received a launch indicator at
his man post and as soon as you get that
of course you got to you got to hit what
call an inhibit switch that stops IT now
what does that mean that actually a
launch sequence has been triggered uh
that means that the missile has has uh
has been has received a launch signal oh
be darn David Sher flipped his inhibit
switch which only paused the launch
countdown he still had to wait for a
second inhibit switch to completely stop
the sequence if just the one comes in it
sits there for a certain amount of time
and then it'll launch but then it launch
automatically at the end of that expired
time so if if that second one didn't
come in then that one missile would
launch theoretically theoretically had
that ever happen before or after during
your experience no
never you know he's horrified of course
he and his his uh the other Officer Down
in the capsule they're freaking out you
know this could be World War II if these
missiles get off the ground had to very
quickly shut down flipping flipping this
inhibit switch are these entities in the
UFOs are they trying to start World War
III and my response is no in my opinion
what they're attempting to do is to
scare the hell out of the missile forces
to show that they have the ability to
interfere with the systems that they can
activate the
missiles we as a crew were never to
speak about this again and we were told
that essentially it never happened um
those were the the the words that were
used during the same time period similar
incidents were occurring at Ellsworth
Air Force Base in South
Dakota Ellsworth like many missile sites
has an outer zone and an inner Zone an
outer zone alert can happen frequently a
cow rubbing against the fence a flock of
Birds but an inner Zone alert or an Iz
alert is very serious because it means
something is directly above the missile
capsule I was on duty at at Echo which
is our Squadron command post and we had
an oine and iine call it the strike crew
is upstairs 3 to 5 miles away and they
jumped in their trucks and went roaring
out there and call me back and said sir
for lack of a better description of the
Flying Saucer hovering over that missile
and there's a beam of reddish light
going down to
[Music]
it over the next few weeks suddenly we
had an influx of black shoy helicopters
completely unmarked I I walked up to one
of them there wasn't they had to have a
file somewhere written on there but you
couldn't find a tail number and these
Crews and dark clothes young sharp men
obviously ex-military I would guess in
SA I don't know I never
knew but then they left and and when
everything slowed down they disappeared
and we never got any feedback from the
results to this day I'd love to know
what they captured during that time
because they were Conant this went on
costly at at this time for about 3
months these sightings weren't limited
to nuclear bases in the United States
take the bentwaters rendlesham forest
incident in England
that was the largest group of tactical
nuclear weapons being stored in Western
Europe and they were really Cy about
that for a long time after the cage the
official policy to this day is my
understanding is that the Air Force will
neither confirm or deny the exact
location of stored nuclear weapons
Lieutenant Colonel Charles halt detailed
the entire incident in a memo to the UK
Ministry of
Defense he said that a security patrol
saw strange lights descending into the
nearby rendlesham Forest
a group of servicemen entered the force
to
investigate one of the witnesses was a
US Air Force Sergeant named Jim
penniston not only do you have multiple
Witnesses but you also have one of the
witnesses claiming to have been taken on
board a craft and speaking to these
alien beings you're talking about
Burrows and peniston these two security
policemen who saw this triangular-shaped
craft in the woods peniston says he
approached a triangular Black Metallic
craft that was approximately the size of
a pickup truck and was emitting bright
lights and a strange energy he stated
that he touched the surface of the craft
noting smooth glass-like material and
unusual symbols etched on its side that
resembled hieroglyphs according to
peneston he experienced a profound
telepathic download of binary code after
touching the craft he then transcribed
this binary code into a notebook which
was reportedly decoded years later to
reveal cryptic messages origin year
8,100 I have not focused on that
everyone knows the case they've they've
given multiple interviews and so on but
what I did from the outset was I knew
that there was called a wsa a weapon
storage area was at the bentwaters RAF
bentwaters base and that there were
reports that surfaced of uh one of the
objects aerial objects hovering above
the wsa and sending beams of light down
into it now Colonel Hall when I
interviewed him back in 2005 said he was
out in the woods with this team
everybody probably have a lot of people
have seen uh these accounts where he's
in the woods he's got his tape recorder
they see this object that looks like an
Ball moving through the woods and then
they see objects in the sky one of which
hovers over he and his team of security
policemen and it fires down uh a beam of
light at their feet and they jump back
and they go you know you know are we
being attacked is this a warning what's
going on here well he was several miles
he said a couple of miles from the
weapon storage area but he heard on the
radio that he had that security
policeman back at the the weapon storage
area were reporting an object hovering
above the weapon storage area sending
down beams of
light I tried to find an an interview
one of the security policemen who
actually saw the beams coming down I was
unsuccessful in that regard what I did
succeed uh in getting were uh couple of
guys on the record saying that there was
an object that was a multicolor disc
quite near them quite large and uh one
of them said that when he when it was
brought to his attention he turned
around he saw something that looked like
a rod or an antenna from the Bott of The
Craft retracting into the craft and what
I surmise is that antenna or Rod
probably de uh release the beam when his
back was turned and by the time he had
returned the beam was gone and the the
rod was reacting into uh retracting into
the craft what I did independently
succeed in doing was interviewing a
retired Colonel who was involved with
NATO weapon security he has not given me
permission to use his name but I know
his background his credentials and what
he said was when he was with NATO
weapons security uh he was aware that
shortly after this incident two tactical
nuclear bombs were removed from a bunker
at bentwaters flown aboard a c5a
aircraft to Kirtland Air Force Base uh
where there's a weapons lab Air Force
weapons lab and that those weapons were
analyzed presumably to see whether any
of the beams had impacted them in any
manner and you know compromise their
functionality or whatever I'm
presuming I've never had a feeling of it
being
extraterrestrial it's always been that
they were simply us in the future and
Jim peniston's career took sort of a hit
after this too is that right uh Jim
penison and I believe burough too but
certainly Jim penison said that he was
subjected to like sodium penthol some
kind of drug was administered to him he
was questioned uh sodium pentol that's
like an MK Ultra thing it's a truth
commonly known as truth s yeah and if
I'm not mistaken panan is on record as
saying he was a ministered something
that was clearly designed to
to uh affect his his mental state while
he was being interrogated so he couldn't
fabricate or potentially not tell the
truth uh is the inference of what I've
read him saying publicly but he said
that there were British intelligence and
Air Force intelligence in the room when
this was being conducted on him one of
the other Witnesses John buroughs a US
Air Force Airman also experienced
physical and psychological effects and
burrow had some lingering effects around
his his brain possibly the dorsal Statum
the the Cotate uh and paman of his brain
is that right there was some scarring
there and his heart I mean he's had
heart issues so I don't know the details
but uh yeah he had physical effects
certainly um basically that would be a
result of high electromagnetic radiation
conceivably
yes then there's a very alarming account
in 1982 in the Soviet Ukraine
George naap well-known journalist who
has broken many UFO related stories over
the years I believe in 1994 he went to
Russia um which would have been about
three years after the Soviet Union
collapsed which was December of
1991 and he interviewed scores of former
Soviet military personnel about UFO
activity during the Soviet era one of
the people that interviewed was a
retired Soviet army colonel named
Vladimir plantonoff
who actually provided unbelievably
provided nap with a series of still
classified Soviet documents about UFO
activity and actually allowed George to
take him with him in his
suitcase in in essence smuggle him back
to the United States still classified
documents and one of them described an
incident in Soviet Ukraine where where a
huge disc-shaped object a very large
object was seen hovering over this
missile base in Soviet Ukraine and down
in one of the launch capsules uh
suddenly the missiles went into
countdown mode and apparently according
to this document that George n brought
to the West for 15 seconds these
missiles were preparing to launch which
had they indeed been launch it would
could have been World War
I you recall in the Min not case the
missiles had to be deactivated manually
by their human operators but here they
were mysteriously deactivated without
any human intervention so was this just
a display of technological superiority
or was it an experiment to observe how
humans respond to such
[Music]
scenarios okay but these are all
historical cases is any of this going on
today I'm aware of cases that have
occurred at missile sites as recently as
2015 less than an hour about an hour on
Saturday uh the base lost primary
communication with about 50
intercontinental ballistic
missiles in 2010 at Fe Warren base in
Wyoming Key Personnel reported multiple
independent UFO sightings that coincided
with a power failure these five missile
alert facilities could not communicate
with the base and vice versa if War or
had been declared they would have not
gotten their orders to launch their
missiles big deal John Mills a retired
missile targeting technician who still
had many contacts at the base provided
Robert Hastings with multiple sources
who all described the craft as gray and
cigar
shaped the description I got was the
thing was as large as you know maybe an
aircraft carrier wow it was cigar shaped
it was Tic Tac shaped but it was not one
of these small objects it was like quote
a Mothership or something that's massive
yeah you talk about that in in the book
is perhaps and this is you theorizing
there's a mother ship that's kind of can
be large and cigar shaped and then
saucers coming out of the mother ship
and coming back into the mother ship
that's been described all over the world
and I I cite a handful of cases in my
book where people are seeing this huge
cigar-shaped object and out of one end
or the other small dis shaped craft come
out and fly in all directions
the Air Force tried to downplay the
incident blaming it on a faulty circuit
card in fact they claimed they only lost
communication for a mere 59 minutes but
Robert Hastings being Robert Hastings
did some back channeling according to
John Mills the blackout actually
persisted for over 26 hours and in
October of 2010 the Atlantic wrote a
pretty telling article it says and I
quote President Obama was briefed this
morning on a power failure at Fe Warren
an Air Force Base in Wyoming that took
50 nuclear intercontinental ballistic
missiles one nth of the US missile
stockpile temporarily offline on
Saturday but here's where things get
interesting as of the making of this
video power in power failure is crossed
out and replaced by the word engineering
I think the Atlantic may have made a
mistake here in showing the live
tracking of this edit you can see it in
this screenshot right here okay so at
the very least we know that these
missiles were rendered inoperable and it
represented a large enough national
security issue to brief the president
and you told me some of these Witnesses
had trouble in their careers after this
they experienced some reprisals
presumably someone was monitoring
Communications between me and John and
or he and the two technicians anyway
someone was aware that they had been
talking about these missile disruptions
and a UFO presence and when they each
these two individuals they
coincidentally retired around the same
time in in the spring of 2011 they were
told on on each occasion uh during their
exit interview from the air force that a
flag was being put in their folders uh
citing them as a security risk so that
if they sought employment with like an
aerospace company or something uh in the
future they would you know the if
someone checked their Air Force file
they would be the Air Force would have
designated them to be security risk
s another incident occurred at the
Nellis Air Force Base Nevada area 2
weapon storage area more recently
civilians citing reports in Orange
County California at the uh Naval uh
Seal Beach Naval weapons station a
series of bunkers again containing
nuclear weapons uh there were local
media reports of multiple sightings in
March of 09 near this weapon storage
facility
uh this is ongoing uh this is the tip of
the iceberg uh we can only catch as
catch can uh I am of the opinion that
for every incident that I'm aware of and
for witnesses that we've uh we've got in
hand there could be 10 there could be a
100 there could be many many more
incidents that I'll never know about
because the people won't come forward
they'll wait years or decades to talk
about what they know brother there's
reports right now online anybody can see
them the government released a bunch of
UF related documents not too long ago a
few years ago thinking nobody would pay
attention I think like 10,000 reports
yeah and when you look in there you see
actual verbatim UFO incidents back in
the 50s and 60s over the F Savannah
River facility over what Oakridge
National Laboratory and by the way it's
still happening today what the [__] is
that bro see how it goes you're telling
me we don't know what what the hell
these drones are in New Jersey are is
that correct
that's right it's
crazy recently there have been a flurry
of new sightings that confirm the UFO
nuclear connection is ongoing strange
objects have been hovering near bases in
the UK and sensitive military sites in
New Jersey just a couple of months
earlier there were several mystery drone
flights over our nuclear testing range
in Nevada just north of Las Vegas and
again nothing was done and where else
Are UFOs showing up right now I've just
received information in the last few
minutes about the peg nuclear site at
Salem uh which is the Hope Creek
Generating Station on a 740 acre a site
in Salem County New Jersey and a person
who is privileged enough to have access
to the internal messaging about that
Nuclear Station has told me that they
tried to deploy an anti-drone technology
over multiple drones that were seen over
the nuclear site and that anti- drone Dr
technology which normally works on all
drones completely
failed outside of New Jersey where else
have these UFOs shown up none other than
the epicenter of all UFO reverse
engineering rumors since Roswell right
Patterson Air Force Base Med flight at
patteron Tower use Extreme Caution for
heavy uas uh movement on the base
Security Forces is handling the
situation what else when it comes to
today's sightings rhymes with the past
Chris Mel the former deputy assistant
secretary of defense for intelligence
under both Clinton and Bush discusses a
fascinating case on his blog UFO
researcher Brad Sparks thoroughly
documented a UFO heading towards
Eisenhower's summerh home in
1957 that was noted and documented
secretly both by NORAD and project blo
book at the
time this prompted an immediate
presidential brief including both
Eisenhower and all of the directors of
the US intelligence community that
Monday morning September
23rd as officially documented by NORAD
the UFOs were tracked on multiple Radars
simultaneously they varied in speed from
800 mph to 12,000 mph with Peak velocity
occurring at 19,000
mph they varied an altitude from 50,000
to
135,000 Ft which remains unattainable by
Aerospace Vehicles even now and yes they
were headed directly at President
Eisenhower's summer White House and now
we find out that Donald J Trump the next
American president had to skip his trip
to his Bedminster New Jersey summer home
because of these New Jersey drones they
happen to be over
Bedminster I think maybe I won't spend
the weekend in
Bedminster I've decided to cancel my
trip and what else does Trump say when
he's asked about these EXO I drones in
their Origins our military knows where
they took off from if it's a garage they
can go right into that garage they know
where it came from and where it went I
can't imagine it's the enemy because it
was the enemy that blast it out even if
they were late that
blasted uh something strange is going on
for some reason they don't want to tell
the people and they should so they're
strange they're likely not the enemy and
we know where they're coming from I
would love to know the location of this
garage and check out this video filmed
in November of 2024 bro what is that
there's a third one oh my God here's the
thing these are not flashing lights like
there are no Runway lights these are
where exactly was this film right near
Duke Energy's Brunswick nuclear plant in
Southport North
Carolina I mean look the American people
aren't stupid you know um they're
they're not they may be be some
sometimes we might be a little bit slow
uh to realize what's going on but you
know in the words of Bob Marley you can
fool some people sometimes but you can't
fool all the people all the time and
that's precisely I think what's what's
happening here this Administration has
been caught lying about a lot of things
and look this is not an anti liberal or
democrat thing this is just a
dysfunctional Administration what's
going on in New Jersey right now with
the so-called drones yeah let me tell
you one not they're not drones they
aren't drones the US Air Force off alus
skates everything the US Air Force says
they're drones don't you [__] believe
it the US Air Force also said that that
thing that I saw did not happen the US
Air Force lies they OB obviously the
Biden
Administration for Crown Outlaw came out
and said uh they're they're
hallucinations they're not
hallucinations look those things are not
just in New Jersey they're in Great
Britain they're in Australia they're in
they're in the Middle East they're all
over this country laen Heath milen Hall
feltwell fairford Ramstein Air Force
Base Wright patteron Nevada National
Security Site Hill Air Force Base
Lawrence Livermore lab Edwards Air Force
Base and Marine Corps base Camp
Pendleton I don't want to sound like
like I'm an an all all knowing Guru
about UFOs but those are UFOs we are we
are this close to nuclear Annihilation
right now yes the danger has never been
worse never been more harsh have been
more believable so what are we seeing
with these quote unquote Jersey drones
well there's a great General model for
critical thinking proposed by Thomas
baze an 18th century British
statistician and philosopher it says
that when you're looking at new data you
should use prior data to analyze it if
somebody lies to you about important
information four times and you catch
them in those lies the fifth time they
say something to you you should maybe
doubt the veracity of what they're
saying so if you don't have the data
from Robert Hastings work your analysis
of what's happening today in New Jersey
and all around the world is going to be
wildly off you're going to be subject to
psychological manipulation by the media
Pentagon and pretty much anyone trying
to explain these sightings away as mass
hysteria hobbyist drones or covert game
array detectors looking for nuclear
material on the Eastern Seaboard all of
these lies seem more likely as
possibilities for truth if you don't
have any prior data but if you do know
that DC was overrun by UFOs in 1952 if
you know about Lincoln Lea's work if you
know about Bob Jacobs sighting at
Vandenburg in ' 64 if you know about
what Robert Salas experienced in 1967 if
you know about the Fe Warren case as
late as 2010 then all of this might seem
more likely to be a simple UFO flap the
likes of which we've been seeing for the
last 75 years with the exact same
characteristics as what we're seeing
[Music]
today the nuclear connection is
longstanding widespread and ongoing what
did it feel like when he was looking at
you I felt scared felt scared because
I've never seen such a person I've that
before in 1994 62 elementary school kids
at the the aerial School in Zimbabwe
said that they saw a silver craft
descend from the sky and land on a field
near the school well guess where the
aerial school was and you know an aerial
school that was near a uranium uh mining
site that is right that's where
understand and what about that story
that Vice ran in 2022 about a little
town in Japan that's obsessed with UFOs
it's a place called Eno and it's
actually right next to fukushima's
nuclear grid which has been up and
running since the 70s because the town
has been such a UFO hotspot they even
built a museum dedicated to UFOs in
the90s and after an earthquake famously
triggered a nuclear power meltdown there
in
2011 the chief monk of a local temple
said the UFOs came after the explosion
there were so many of them I was shocked
radioactive energy was leaking
everywhere I believe the UFOs came to
readjust the flood of radioactive energy
in order to save us similarly Harvard
PhD Jensen Andre writes about UFO
activity at the height of the troby
disaster when many people in the area
observed a UFO come stay for 3 minutes
shine a light at the reactor and depart
I could go on all day in 1973 Charles
Hixon and Calvin Parker claimed that
they were abducted and examined before
being released by aliens while fishing
near Pascagoula Mississippi once inside
the crab Hixon remembers being examined
by an oblong shaped instrument that
hovered around him he was completely
paralyzed only his eyes could move this
came to be known as the famous
Pascagoula abduction well people rarely
point out that Pascagoula is a strategic
nuclear site in fact it's where most of
the American nuclear subs were built at
the time even take the famous 2004 nimit
sighting where a Tic Tac was detected by
the USS Princeton aircraft carriers like
the US us s Princeton are notoriously
nuclear powered and they might have some
relevant Precious Cargo on board even
the nimit sighting of 2004 Lou alzando I
think he's sort of bound by his you know
obligations and and clearance and stuff
and so he has to say you know I think
Nimitz might be nuclear powered and then
he's now gone as far as saying and it
might carry some tactical nukes on board
on board or whatever okay you get it
UFOs show up at nuclear sets but beyond
atic interference with our signals how
do we know they're occupied by any sort
of sensient beings how do we even know
these things are real physical aircrafts
that Land There were just multi levels
with with all these small Grays
everywhere and I was following one and
even the floor and the boards around the
bottom of the floor had energy was
everything emanated power I sat down
with Mario Woods a former US Air Force
Security responder in 19 1977 he was
stationed at Ellsworth Air Force Base in
South
Dakota then age 23 he experienced an
incident that would change him forever
literally leaving him with missing time
marks on his body and a collie locked in
catatonic shock for hours okay so you're
in El Ellsworth Air Force Base it's 1977
you have a partner that you're working
with his name yeah Michael Johnson he's
a real light-skinned black guy told me
he was from Chicago Illinois M and we
only worked together that one day he was
working vacation relief for my partner
whose name was Steve welchel I guess it
was about uh 9:00 9:15 or so and I just
walked outside and you know you're
talking Prairie Land as far as you can
see north and east and west and you
don't see South because the buildings
behind you and uh I see this light off
to my East it looks like a like a Mini
Moon I I honestly thought it was the uh
Landing lights or some type of Landing
lights for B-52 bombers because the main
base supported aircraft of
B-52s long story short an hour later he
and his partner tw- man security alert
team partner uh are called suddenly
there's an alert because some kind of
intrusion at one of the missile sites is
going on and they didn't didn't know
what that was all about well he and his
partner drove to that
[Music]
site and as we turned left there sat
this object on top of November 5 that
was about 10 ft in the air directly on
top of that blast door that was the size
of a Walmart
building they're freaking out they
didn't even get to to radio to base to
tell them what they saw
and all of a sudden according to Mario
um he uh and and his partner suddenly it
was like all the air in the crew cab was
sucked out and they were suffocating
they both suddenly started you know
gasping for air literally could not get
a breath of air now I don't know if that
was from my excitement I don't know it's
from adrenaline I I'm 23 years old I was
in excellent shape I feel something on
my right side
and I turn my head and I see these four
I'm going to call them beings and they
are not walking as you and I walk they
are just gliding across the ground maybe
I don't know how high off the ground I
couldn't really see that but they have
these little Uniforms on and the one on
the far right he had some type of a
small wand in his waist belt I've got a
drawing of it that had a yellow tip on
it some type of of a yellow tip but the
one behind them was was a was a chest
and a head taller than the little guys
and he had this thing on his chest right
here that that pulsated the same color
as what was on that little wand and when
I saw him then then I was afraid then I
felt
fear and then I I went black I just I
just went that's the last thing that I
saw in my mind
and then the next thing he knew and it
seemed like the next minute uh he was
somewhere that he didn't really
recognize and somebody from base was
calling on the radio saying where are
you where are you what turned out to be
the case was he his partner and the
truck had been transported roughly five
miles to a reservoir near a little town
of New South
Dakota maybe 20 minutes passed
so this backup alert team
came and I said I don't know where I am
I don't know where we are so I kept
trying to communicate with Michael
Johnson he wouldn't answer me in any way
he was just frozen in this position
looking straight
ahead I even tried pulling his hand off
that steering wheel and he was just I I
I don't know how a person can stay that
tense and for so long that he don't
cramp up I would cramp up doing that but
he did
even though it was terribly cold at
night I mean just ice cold frigid he
stepped out on the ground and sunk in
wet mud so somehow the mud had been
heated up right around the truck and he
was standing you know like ankle deep
deep in wet mud on a Subzero winter
night did Michael Johnson ever make it
out of his catatonic State your partner
no no not while we were there when
Sergeant guards are pulled up he pulled
up within
say 60 ft I said hey sarden Garza how's
it going I said what's going on he said
Mario I can't talk to you about this he
said I'm just here to escort you back to
November control so they lead him back
to base uh he's debriefed basically by I
think the squadron commander and someone
who turned out to be an OSI agent um
he's taken to the base hospital and
examine he finds I think it was on his
forehead and his ankle there was a
circular uh wound or depression of some
kind with a little dimple in the center
do you still have the marks at all yeah
can I see him
sure had these socks on SC blood up you
can see it wow yeah those look I mean
just like perfectly vertically aligned
but like so clearly not like a spider
but like too way too big for that like
you know yeah they just kept asking
questions and I and I got to the point
where it was just everything was just at
one time coming from every Space in My
Mind questions about the whole deal and
I said hey I said I got to go to the
restroom and I just went and sat on the
toilet and all of a sudden Jesse I get
this ringing in my
ears that was as if somebody struck a
Liberty Bell right next to my head I
mean really I have to emphasize that cuz
it was like it got my attention but when
it happened everything turned like lime
green to me like PE green I closed my
eyes and when I did I had this feeling I
was leaving my
body literally I was I I you know I
thought I was dying I said I guess this
is this this is how you die so they they
left or were're leaving and I opened up
the stall door and I just went to the
sink and mind you I still have on my
long johns and my fatigue pants and
shirt and just drowning myself with
water I was just soaking wet
because Master Sergeant gray said
something to me as I came out there he
said what' you do climb in the sink or
something like that and I and I did I
don't even know if I answered I just
said yes sir
um so I grabbed my stuff and immediately
I said well what about Michael Johnson
he said don't worry about him he'll be
going with Sergeant Hawkins I said
okay and I really wanted to talk to him
but immediately upon arrival at that
site we were separated right then and
there now I don't know what good it
would have done because he wasn't
coherent or wasn't answering or anything
anyway so he hadn't said a word to not
one word that I knew of not one word he
hadn't said anything to me or to anybody
else that was there every time I ask
about Michael Johnson they tell they
kept telling me don't worry about
Michael Johnson he's fine he's fine
really bothered me yeah it just I almost
sounds like they're covering for
something yeah he don't worry about
Michael Johnson he is
fine off we went to elworth and it was
about an hour 10-minute ride back to
Ellsworth went to Ralph East breer's
office under escort and I remember him
saying sounds as if you've had an
interesting evening or night or
something like that and I said yes sir
and I look to my left and there's
there's a total of five people in that
room there's the deputy base commander
who I don't remember his name but next
to him was a man in a gray Tweed uh suit
with a hat and the hat was under his arm
then there was a captain uh Jack
Reed OSI
next to him was this new OSI guy named
Rick
Dodie interesed yeah because the first
time I saw him was on Ancient Aliens and
I said I know that guy he was at my
debrief I was a Counter Intelligence
officer for the Air Force office special
investigation I was personally
fascinated by the fact that Richard
Dodie had been involved in the aftermath
of Mario's case I knew about Dodie
because of a great book called project
beta by Greg Bishop Dodie was an Air
Force Counter Intelligence agent
basically tasked with performing a
psychological operation on an innocent
researcher named Paul benowitz who had
seen an exotic craft at Kirtland Air
Force Base Dodie convinced benowitz that
he was in touch with aliens even
receiving signals on his computer this
eventually drove benowitz into
psychiatric hospitalization so the fact
that Dodie was part of Mario's debrief
is fascinating seems very important and
requires followup by some brave souls
and up to that point I had no nobody
yeah I I i' had nobody that could say
yeah they were there or what have you
know what have you I tried running down
my old flight Chief and assistant flight
Chief but with no success or anybody
else and especially Michael Johnson some
money has been spent trying to locate
Michael Johnson we've looked in
hospitals we've looked in can't find
them anywhere no sir and I reported that
the arrow in March of uh 23 I think when
I spoke with them did errow follow up at
all I don't know they never got back
with me and 4 hours in 19 minutes I
spoke with them that's crazy yeah and
they said I would get a copy of
everything which had been you know
talked about can you contact Michael
Johnson's family I don't have any way I
don't have any any numbers or anything
he said he was from Chicago Illinois
believe me every resource including
other law enforcement officers that I
know today's technology have not located
him yet neither has Arrow so what what
was your interaction with
doie you mean in the email initially no
when you first meet him he's in this
room full of five people yeah nothing
not one thing we never spoke or anything
like that he was directly reporting to
Captain Jack Reed next to him so that's
fascinating right that this guy who's
clearly this disinfo agent you know at
least in the context of Beno and he
don't know brand new he was brand new
then so as a person that's very high in
this whole thing said those were the
days that when he was
probably honestly not not
uh changed in any way perhaps I I just
want to say that the right way cuz we
you know we uh I email him once in a
while um and he'll answer me back
whereas it took me about five years to
get him to even do that and then we got
to be on a a cast together so real quick
just context he now has come out saying
he's reformed and he apologizes for you
know his malpractice in the past uh a
lot of people are susp icious of that
reform it does feel a little bit
sometimes to me like he's flooding The
Zone with this info like he'll talk
about you know six alien
races this Crystal rectangle came from
an actual alien
craft and it just seems extremely
speculative and not based on any sort of
evidence corre very weird yeah it's it's
uh it's more than I know how to swallow
I only know that uh what I witnessed is
my incident so how many were
there okay
okay a gentleman named Jared Tarbell who
is my benefactor he supported my
research he paid to have Mario regress
uh regression hypnosis session in the
video of the session uh where Mario is
being regressed back to that night uh he
becomes utterly terrified I've never
seen anybody uh reliving an abduction
experience had a very l p
[Music]
they look like Grays they look like the
small Grays but the one behind them I
guess you would classify him as a tall
gray on Whitley streer book communion MH
of course the first time I saw that
picture I froze in my I froze in my in
my stride MH and I had to have that book
and uh Barnes & Noble or wherever it was
at the time when it came out and I
literally before I opened the first to
the first page I literally just sat and
stared at that
picture for many hours before I ever
even read his book what was the craft
like so you're you're in the inside of
this thing what did it look
like a
beehive H beehive yeah how so well there
were uh from my looking around as I did
in that playground like I always try to
take a a mental picture of something
there were just multi levels with with
all these small Grays everywhere going
to and fro and doing whatever they were
doing I just got to look for a moment
and I was following one and even the
floor and the boards around the bottom
of the floor uh had energy was
everything emanated power in some way uh
the walls uh was there humming
Associated not that I can remember and
it almost felt like the tall gray was
maybe in charge of these smaller Grays
absolutely in that room another thing
too PE uh I was not on a table I was uh
from my memory I was on some type of a
uh I was like wrapped in a triangular
kind of uh beam or something that was
body length about 4T in the
air and uh as like a a a strange light
would not a strange
light it's even hard to describe but it
was as if I was inserted in something
that was some type of a force field or
some kind of a a holding field that they
could move you around in like a gurnie
without wheels a table without a back or
or wheels or legs attached to it and I
felt as if you know they when they
reached in or when he lifted my arm up
lifted me up right here on my
wrist you know it exited that that
pyramidal field or whatever it was above
me and it was in his atmosphere at that
time
uh if you had kind of a best guess do
you think they had positive intentions
or negative or I think they had positive
what do you think but they fulfilled
their mission whatever that mission is
whether it's to obtain DNA material or
what have you or some kind of a
programming
or I don't know any whatever they want
to do they're going to do outside of
like the obvious which is you
experienced this kind of crazy
paranormal disruption in your life uh
did this kind of was this an inflection
point or did it change your life in a
dramatic way afterward it did how
so I had to find out everything about
archaeology and pyramids M and so that
was just something that it almost felt
like it was installed inside of you or
downloaded yes and why still today why
do you think you became so interested in
that I have no
idea if I was a betting man some of this
nhi they're similarly as advanced as us
but they've just made they've what is it
asymmetric Evolution or whatever they
they went a different path where we made
nuclear weapons and stuff they ended up
making this like civil propulsion kind
of equivalent um discovery
where they're able to do this now but
they're actually not that much more
advanced than you and
I it just makes you wonder how much
technology that has been buried somehow
or another has been removed from our
everyday conscious thought I do think
that this technology that we're speaking
of even though we don't know it truly
exists it points to its existence in
some way and one day I think we will
find the magic key somewhere there's a
craft if it hasn't already been
discovered that's sitting in a cave
somewhere or under the ocean somewhere
under a ledge somewhere or maybe even
circling the planet invisible that we
can't see we're going to run into one
day I don't
know so there's clearly obviously at
this point in the interview uh well
demonstrated pattern between UFOs and
nuclear weapons uh and this brings up a
really interesting kind of weird analog
to all of this which is that you know
Gary Nolan Stanford microbiologist has
said that historically Legacy UFO
programs have used nuclear material or
sometimes even phony nuclear material to
bait UFOs to show up and I believe we
even have documentation that the
Russians did this in the 90s as well do
you have anything to say about that um I
I'm aware that a a former or retired
Soviet army colonel has said I can't
remember the gentleman's name but uh
he's he's on video on the internet
saying that uh at some point during the
Soviet era he was part of a military
exercise uh that was intentionally
designed to try to attract UFOs and what
they began doing was doing military
exercises like Maneuvers with no nuclear
components just conventional armaments
and so on and then they waited to see
what would happen and there were no UFO
sightings as soon as they brought
nuclear Battlefield Battlefield nukes to
the the equation and they were out in
the field with the other armaments
suddenly UFO sightings began and so in
this Colonel's estimate they succeeded
in attracting whoever was flying the
UFOs by merely introducing the presence
of nuclear weapons to the situation are
you familiar with the Chinese science
fiction novel The Three body problem no
well in it basically the non-human
intelligence or aliens or whatever uh
have a special interest in scientists
working on the most Frontier
technology uh and they view that
technology as most deadly or likely to
end the world and so in some cases they
actually intentionally kind of stagnate
the physics or stag or send send uh you
know scientists in the wrong direction
or sort of use confusion tactics to
actually get them to stall their
progress and I've actually heard in a
couple couple of instances that uh the
aliens might be interested in other sort
of Frontier Tech like proximity fuses
you know other sorts of things like that
do you think that maybe we are being
prompted on the one hand scientifically
for certain you know past creations and
then maybe there needs to be kind of
inep you know uh progress made with our
Consciousness and if that's not made the
nhi actually have to step in and kind of
stop things and the nuclear thing is
this big juncture where you have this
big asymmetric leap on the tech front
you don't have the asymmetric
Consciousness leap and so that's why
it's so consistent with nukes in
particular um my my personal opinion is
that we have had probably ongoing
contact with whoever these entities are
for thousands of years I think it's
conceivable they've interjected
themselves into our culture and maybe
even our biology um I'm not Ware of any
you know definitive evidence but I
wouldn't be surprised if they had
periodically
interjected themselves into our
Evolution to upgrade the species so to
speak can't prove that of course I don't
think anyone can but I think it's an
interesting
hypothesis um the the link between an
increase in sightings and the the Advent
of the nuclear age is Thoroughly
documented uh the people on the inside
like Lou Who are now coming forward and
talking Lou alzando confirm that you
know that um what my Witnesses have told
me over the years you know is is a
central part of the equation uh the
nuclear link with with UFO activity um
so in answer to your question I don't
know I I I don't have any way of
evaluating What specifically has been
done whether they prompted Us in some
ways and held us back in other ways I
don't know we are not here to evangelize
any single Theory that's up for you to
decide we're just going to lay some of
these theor out for you number one the
benevolent protector Theory these UFOs
are here because they don't want us to
destroy
ourselves by tampering with our nukes
they want to show us that we're playing
with fire join us and live in peace or
pursue your present course and face
obliteration it's kind of like taking
matches out of the hands of a
baby whoa yeah W right if they are out
there and they are disabling our nukes
they're not doing it because they're a
threat to us they're doing it because
we're a threat to ourselves and maybe
we're a threat to some aspects of the
universe number two parasitic host
Theory maybe UFOs are in fact deterring
us from nuclear war but because they're
just protecting their resources they're
mining us for something and don't care
about us at all by the way this is not
mutually exclusive with benevolent
protector Theory especially if there are
factions of non-human
intelligence if they have projects here
if they have bases here they have bases
here a worldwide nuclear catastrophe is
going to drastically impact what they've
got going on in addition to what we as
humans in our civilization have at risk
and therefore it doesn't have to
necessarily be just altruistic it could
be a self-serving motivation as well
number three UFOs are somehow affected
by the electromagnetic Fallout from
nuclear
tests gamma radiation following Atomic
blasts messes with the flight path of
UFOs and Pops them into our
reality this is a very interesting
Theory and still very possible but it
wouldn't fully explain why UFOs show up
around Atomic assets when there are no
nuclear
[Laughter]
blasts again this theory is not mutally
exclusive with option one or
two number four simulation Theory humans
are in a low-level time-bound Dimension
that these UFOs have transcended the
UFOs want to monitor our ability to
break out of our
simulation one of the ways to break out
would be through high energy Nuclear
Physics right now our biggest nukes emit
80 to 100 megatons of
TNT if we get upwards of 1 * 10 9th tons
of TNT we might be able to start ripping
little holes in SpaceTime so aliens
might be monitoring the axis of human
progress in energy output as we inch out
of our 3D time down
cave I think the Zar bomb is something
like 10 the 6 tons of TNT or something
the largest nuclear detonation yeah and
I think once you get to 10 to the 9th
and up you know you start to rip little
holes in SpaceTime or something like
that and so is there something around
nuclear that somehow speaks to the
fabric of SpaceTime itself and allows us
to see other worlds that might exist all
the time but we just somehow don't have
the aperture for it without this sort of
nuclear leakage what I've said and when
I hear that you know you have to
consider that every star in the universe
is nothing but non-stop nuclear
detonations you know on a vastly larger
scale than what we hum humans do here on
Earth you know so one would think if
somehow our detonations are ripping
holes in SpaceTime why wouldn't every
star in the universe rip holes in
SpaceTime but you know so that's my
point number five UFOs are just secret
American anti-gravity exotic propulsion
collocated on nuclear bases as somebody
who's gone decently deep on Gravity
Research mid-century I would actually
entertain this but it just doesn't
account for what happened to Mario woods
and Jim penniston at rendlesham this
also wouldn't explain UFO sightings
around nuclear bases that occur as early
as the' 40s I just don't believe that
man-made exotic propulsion technology
was that good at the time number six and
maybe my favorite Theory I think this is
as entertaining as it is maybe unlikely
but there are apparently folks in the
American National Security State that
say that the German Netflix show dark
points to bits of reality in this Theory
nuclear fuels were used mid-century to
alter gravity we know that gravity and
time are linked in general relativity so
maybe with the Exotic Gravity Research
we were doing in the ' 50s we were also
looking into manipulating time and that
research may have been taking place on
nuclear bases across the United States I
admit it's hard for me to believe that
we've perfected time travel but if we do
ever perfect time travel in the future
these programs would be collocated at
our most sensitive National Security
Site
[Music]
you know Lawrence Lawrence Bell is so
Bell aircraft so they broke the sound
barrier in 1947 X15 X15 Chuck Jagger
exactly and so there's an article in
1956 where they're saying we're going to
beat gravity and it's right around the
bend and Lawrence Bell's quote from this
article is we are already working with
nuclear fuels to cancel out gravity and
so you got to think if if time travel is
possible at any point in the future it's
probably all always been possible right
and so where would we discover some sort
of time travel program it would probably
be collocated with nuclear programs
absolutely so and then how would you
affect timelines you might do it with
you know particular people who represent
kind of nodes or whatever who get
interested in things like pyramids after
you know their encounters and so do you
think that you know that's a possible
explanation that maybe a future time
travel program represents an overlay
over all of these nuclear sites in a way
that somehow you know might profoundly
shift humanity and might also Keep Us
Alive because if you think about what
where is the center of the Apocalypse
it's these nuclear sites I mean where
what what's going to you know dictate
the end of the world or not you know
it's going to be these
sites so maybe with UFO abductions we
are experiencing remnants of a future
time travel program that is collocated
with our nuclear assets just look at
what famed director Steven Spielberg had
to say what if they're not from an
advanced civilization 300 million Lighty
years from here but what if it's us
500,000 years into the future in fact
the most prolific gravity related
inventor mid century was the
aforementioned Thomas Townsen brown but
people don't know that Townsen Brown was
actually obsessed with time travel he
even sort of referred to himself as a
time traveler when I asked Brown's
daughter what Townsen would be up to if
he is in fact a time traveler this is
what she had to
say oh boy if there's something
happening that's truly dangerous
probably would be
the if someone was trying to get ready
to launch my dad would be rearranging
their figures so they wouldn't come up
with what they thought
wow obviously the secret time travel
Theory might be imperfect or rather
incomplete it would not for example
explain UFOs coming out of the plume of
nuclear blasts I should also add that
none of these theories really
characterize the beings
themselves they could be a whole host of
things time traveling humans remnants of
a technologically advanced civilization
collocated on Earth or are your classic
extraterrestrials
and not to confuse you too much but even
these options could be false dichotomies
and are not always mutually
[Music]
exclusive free your
mind I've said this to other people
sometimes I see us when we're being
crazy and talking about nuclear world
that we might be cage 22 and a in a
universal lab somewhere and they come
and check us every once in a while to
see if we're going to kill each other
and they might be just monitoring us to
keep us peaceful no way of telling it's
been so uh they've been so uh not
physical so far so I hope it's that and
I hope there's something good to come
from
this now at this point you're probably
asking why isn't this more widely known
UFOs showing up across the most
sensitive Global nuclear sites that's
insane and everyone should know about I
agree with you now would probably be a
good time to note the people who have
done the most damage to the UFO
conversation have come from the same
atomic programs that are actively
investigating UFOs and trying to keep
them secret I find it really interesting
that you have some of the most prominent
debunkers guys like Menzel guys like
Condon HP Robertson who were kind of big
shots who also worked on the Manhattan
Project Condon was involved oh I didn't
realize
that he uh worked with vavar bush a lot
oh yeah
yeah the Condon committee was supposed
to be an open independent investigation
of UFOs in
1966 at the tail end of Project Blue
Book among the Project's dozen experts
are director Dr Edward Condon formerly
physicist with the National Bureau of
Standards the whole project was led by a
Quantum physicist named Edward cond Air
Force wanted to get out of this job they
commissioned a study from University of
Colorado Ed Condon led the studies
Manhattan Project Alum he wrote the
conclusion of the study before the study
was complete bragged about it a lot of
the scientists on the study defected
publicly from the study the study got
published the content of the study is uh
at odds with the conclusions but the Air
Force canceled project bluewick anyway
what most people don't know is that
Edwin Condon was a complete Manhattan
Project
Insider he was very close to Robert
Oppenheimer having studied under Max
born with him at Gan in Germany in the
20s in fact Conan and Oppenheimer were
so close that Condon was partly credited
for picking Los Alamos as the focal
point for the Manhattan Project he knew
the area well having grown up around the
corner in Alamagordo he also recruited a
lot of the Project's early staff and
wrote the Los Alamos primer which all
employees had to read upon
arrival we would welcome not only better
evidence about the but also
uh also suggestions as to better ways of
Investigation the Condon commission was
a supposedly independent UFO review
panel paid for but not influenced by the
Air Force but later from verified
letters we learned that Condon was
closely coordinating with Air Force
Colonel Robert hippler who had expressed
pretty clear written desire that all
previous UFO research including Project
Blue Book be shown as a waste of time
and money Condon successfully performed
his hit job Blue Book ended and UFO
research would become quackery for
another 50
years now fast forward to today arrow is
a member of the Department's support to
the administration's tiger team effort
to deal with stratospheric objects such
as the PRC high altitude balloon hero
continues this tradition of downplaying
dismissing or even possibly destroying
UFO evidence after having some pretty
interesting ties to nuclear programs in
in in uh early 2023 January
2023 Kurt McConnell who is a retired uh
Senate armed service committee
investigator contacted me and said Arrow
wants you to get together some of the
veterans who had experiences at nuclear
weapons sites and they want to interview
them would you be willing to do that so
long story short I think it was 11
people uh veterans I had interviewed
over the years went and spoke with arrow
and um so at some point this would have
been March of
2023 uh McConnell Kurt McConnell sent me
an email saying I drove Lou down to his
interview with arrow on the way back
from his interview Lou told me that he
told Kurt Patrick that he had seen the
Big Sur film The shootdown of a dummy
nuclear warhead by a UFO that Dr Bob
Jacobs has talked about for for decades
and decades Lou told Kurt Patrick where
at he had seen the film The it was in a
safe a safe drawer I was told and Kirk
Patrick allegedly went and looked at the
tried to find it and claimed it was not
there he's now left Arrow but he is part
of the you know supposed official UFO
review program and so we're now saying
that actually UFO programs were probably
really bound up with American atomic
program since kind of you know 1940s
1950s and you look at Sean Kirkpatrick's
track record and his resume in when he
was 17 years old he was given a grant by
the department of energy because of you
know impressing them at Brook Haven lab
or I think he he went to Brook Haven
Labs as a result of this grant or
something he worked at Oakridge National
Laboratory you know clear Atomic site
you know one of the oldest ones in in
Tennessee if you look at some of his
research gate papers they're very
interesting when it comes to the UFO
phenomena that's all I'll say I think
viewers should go you know look up you
know some of this stuff uh his company
was released I believe uh and it was
called nonlinear you know LLC something
like that nonlinear algebra is one of
the things that you know you need when
studying gravity and some of this kind
of weirder stuff and then finally the
only thing he he consistently says is we
have no evidence of extraterrestrials he
always says that extraterrestrial
extraterrestrial extraterrestrial is an
extrapolation that is a an you know a
conclusion that you've come to that this
thing is definitely from Zeta reticuli
or proximus sari or some other planet
right so it's very easy to say that and
act like you're not lying when of course
we don't have EV there are probably
theorists still working on where these
things are from are they are they from
other planets are they from you know
different dimensions and time who knows
right but it's very easy for him to do
that and he just rests on that over and
over again so when I wrote to the
veterans uh I'm still in touch with
roughly 20 people that I interviewed
years ago and I still have contact
information for them so I wrote to all
those guys I think it was 11 of roughly
20 who agreed to speak with arrow in the
email that I sent to these guys I said
my opinion is that arrow is a front it's
it's the conon committee
2.0 uh in my opinion Kurt Patrick is a
shill for somebody possibly CIA Dia NSA
whoever I said you can you know talk
your heart out and describe what you
happened to you in the missile field but
they're not going to take it seriously
but I might be wrong and on the the off
chance that Miracles sometimes happen
maybe your testimony will have some some
you know impact and therefore I I urge
you to go and speak to Arrow well they
did and uh I subsequently learned that
Arrow the people that uh took the
testimony from these veterans did not
record them they were told the couple of
the veterans were told well we're taking
notes well if you're conducting a
serious investigation you you want to
tape record every word every grunt every
syllable and they did not record any of
the interviews according to the veterans
and they they quote took notes and then
the culmination of course was when Kirk
Patrick uh addressed Senator
gillibrand's Committee in April of 23
and said we had Point Blank you know
blanket statement we were presented with
no evidence that these were
extraterrestrial Craft um and all the
veterans immediately you know with over
the course of a few days wrote to me and
said you know they betrayed us arrrow
betrayed us Kirk Patrick betrayed us you
know we we stuck our necks out and
talked about UFO shutting down our
nuclear missiles in the 60s and 70s
before you know decades Before we or the
Russians or the Chinese had any
technology that could have done what we
saw with our own eyes clearly it was
something off earth going on and yet you
know we we stuck our necks out talked to
arrow and that's what this guy says to
to Congress yeah you have these American
Patriots who signed up to guard our most
important National Defense assets who've
been traumatized by what they've seen
and just want the American public to
know the basic ontological truth of what
they've
experienced and which is an experience
that is widespread and it's Global and
it's not conferring any sort of you know
advantage to an adversary by letting
this out yeah and you have this guy in
Kirk Patrick and this is why I think it
needs to be more widely known because
it's I think I've heard that a lot from
people on the inside where it's like
hoping on a Prayer I mean I think arrow
is worthless but maybe I'll testify you
know and talk to them right I think it's
more Insidious than that I think they
take your testimony and they try to
destroy the evidence and so it's just
absolutely horrible uh I I have never
from day one thought that there was any
Merit to Arrow and I still don't and no
matter who's in control the fix is in
it's you know it's a smoke screen it's
more of Project Blue Book you know for
our time frame and what about Brook
Haven National Labs in Long Island have
any crashes occurred there it's about
7:00 at night and being November it was
full dark and all of a sudden it was
lighter out than it is right
now Brook Haven is associated with Stony
Brook University
and the legendary hedge fund manager and
mathematician Jim Simons now just look
at who ran the independent NASA review
panel on uaps in 2022 might they have
any ties to Jim Simons you don't have to
like be the conspiracy theorist drawing
the red dots of yarn to be like here's a
black here's a money-making machine
started by a guy deeply connected to the
NSA that's also like a super physics
genius and it can attract the smartest
physics and math people on the planet to
work for his blackbox money machine and
his you know guy running his his private
Research Foundation and and fundamental
physics gets tapped to run the UAP
working group for NASA yeah a working
group that sort of says you know nothing
to see here like we we'll keep an open
mind but there's probably nothing here
which I find
interesting it is essential to clarify
based on our current findings and
methodology that we find no evidence to
suggest that UAP are extraterrestrial in
origin I don't want to at on this too
much I'm just the messenger for more
information on this you should watch
this amazing interview that Eric
Weinstein did on Joe Rogan I'm linking
it in the description if I was going to
locate a Manhattan Project in plain
sight uh and get us news and world to
report this as a minor player in uh in
research that's where I'd go you can't
let the fox watch the hen house and if
if you have uh a agency or a group
within the defense department or the
intelligence community
running the show and allegedly
investigating UFO activity at nuclear
weapons sites you're going to get
nowhere quick and that's the whole idea
do you feel like your Communications are
being tracked or no question what do you
have any clear concrete examples that
will show people that you're not being
paranoid I went out on the lecture
circuit for the first time in September
of 81 and spoke at I believe 16 schools
between September and the end of the
year
okay and in my audiences at various
schools around the country veterans
would come up to me and say I know what
you're talking about I was involved this
that and the other I would say can we
talk about this on the phone when I get
off the lecture circuit you know I'll be
home early next year
82 and some said yes some said no but I
did interview a handful of veterans uh
from home over the phone and tape the
conversations with their permission uh
in most cases
in some cases they didn't want them
taped but anyway they were telling me
about what they had witnessed at various
missile bases through the through the
years and um after each one of those
calls this was primarily in February of
82 I would talk to them thank them hang
up the phone within a minute or five or
10 the phone would ring I would pick it
up and there would be nothing but heavy
breathing in the phone that's creepy
our government does not necessarily
blink trying to turn your reputation
into absolute garbage if you get close
to its treasured sources and methods
yeah and that is not
compatible with saying that we have
something that we don't understand
menacing our military it's airspace and
our nuclear sites I stated to you that I
would not mention very much of it to
anybody except my fellow
missileers because I didn't want to get
investigated by the office of special
investigation sometimes known as
OSI I did not want it to reflect on my
officer efficiency report the
are feels like in the past five to seven
years there's been a like a lot of
vindication for your work and and and
for you know people who are active in
service to be confirming the things that
you were you know telling the public in
you know late '90s and early 2000s how
does that feel to now see it you know to
see a l on Joe Rogan showing showing Joe
like the Montana documents
um I don't recall whether we discussed
this yesterday but um in uh the the the
New York Times article that came out in
December of
2017 uh Leslie Kane Ralph blumen paole
that basically exposed atip to the world
um in the article they mentioned that
atip Scientific Advisor was Dr how put
off and I was shocked because in
2005 uh I reached out to him to help me
write a chapter in my book on faster
than light travel I knew that he had
done a peer-reviewed paper on it so um
and then in '08 when the first edition
of UFOs and nukes came out he suddenly
wrote to me and said I need four copies
of the book shipped overnight and I
checked into it it was going to be
$115 and I got back to him and said said
you know what's the rush that's a lot of
money just let me send it Media Mail and
he said Robert uh day after tomorrow I
have a meeting with some movers and
shakers in Washington and I'm going to
distribute your book and what I didn't
know until this was this was December of
'08 what I didn't know until January of
18 uh once the New York Times story came
out uh how had given copies of my book
to the atent members at least Lou and it
turns out
uh Senator Harry Reid was given a copy
now just last December of
23 George knap interviewed me for a
Netflix documentary that's coming up and
before we he started asking me questions
he said are you aware that Harry Reid
had read your book and it was one of the
reasons he had sought funding for ASAP
and I said you know really and he said
he told me that point blank and um you
know there were a number of reasons that
he felt that there had to be a new UFO
investigation but apparently the witness
testimony contained in my book was one
of the reasons that he decided that had
to be done uh sooner rather than later
so that feels good to know it feels good
to know that should be vindicating you
know I mean I'm 74 years old and it just
seemed like decades have gone by where
not much progress has been made in terms
of public awareness I mean I've spoken
at over 500 colleges and universities so
those people were in on my work the
local media who covered the program were
in on my work but the national media for
decades avoided me like the plague they
you know i' send press releases out no
one covered me at all uh so finally in
just the last five years I'm getting the
sense that hey you know it wasn't it was
it was worth all the time and effort
that I put into it so yeah it feels good
and it's it's interesting we're going to
get into some of the deeper Roots as to
how you got attracted to all the UFOs
stuff but you know the nominal story in
UFOs and nukes at least is that you're
were a janitor and your father was
stationed at Malmstrom base in ' 67 and
you were learning about radar Theory and
you know radar operator calls you over
you see these unknowns right I think in
many ways Hal put off has a similar
story where he sort of stumbled upon the
UFO stuff he ran the cia's psychic spy
program and I think a lot of these
remote viewers would see beings you know
in various places on you know the Dark
Side of the Moon in Ino Swan's case you
know elsewhere and Joseph mcmonagle saw
bases on earth right and I think that
got him up to speed on okay maybe
there's some other pres presences out
here he then join this is the part of
the story people don't really know he
then joined something called the
advanced theoretical physics group ATP
group and it was him and Oki Shannon who
was uh you know a physics lead at Lo
Alamos Project Lead there um John
Alexander who has a long history in this
and I think is sort of maybe tied in
with the doe or something and they're
all sort of studying and I think Eric
Davis probably joined later and they're
all studying you know the physics of
UFOs like how would this stuff actually
work theoretically and I think put off
figured out a lot and I think he's much
deeper than people realize on the actual
science of this
stuff somewhere well I saw a video and I
think it was
mmle yes um was called to the Pentagon
one day and was told to go to this room
and he goes in he said it was like a
broom closet but it had a table in it so
he sat down and if I remember the story
correctly someone came in and said we
want you to use remote viewing for this
site and the story is that he basically
saw a UFO hovering over a nuclear
missile which I thought was pretty
interesting so Joseph mcmonagle for
people that don't know has done more
televised remote viewings than anybody
in the world he was known as uh uh
remote viewer number one wow and he was
you know the most talented and most
consistent psychic spy for the Stargate
program also talk about this stuff
running in families he happens to be the
nephew of Robert Monroe who is doing all
sorts of Consciousness studies they you
know still has in his namesake the
Monroe Center in Virginia named after
him and and uh mcmonagle lives in Faber
Virginia right right around you know
right around there and I remember being
on the phone with Joseph mcmonagle once
and he was saying you know yeah it's
crazy you know that the ET stuff is
definitely real he was giving me all
this interesting evidence and talking
about the remote viewing stuff and then
he said something that I will never
forget uh he said that I think we might
be turning into these etss or something
they might be sort of prompting us to
turn into some of them I can't help but
wonder if we're on the precipice of
massive revolution in human
consciousness where we either evolve
there together or we
bifurcate and still evolved there but in
a very different way we will have our
minds expanded there will be a paradigm
shift traditional institutions such as
religions governments other social
institutions May indeed by threaten be
threatened by what is coming that is
just a logical consequence of what is
about to occur
I want to thank the legendary Robert
Hastings for his multi-decade long
tireless dedication to telling the
stories of these Brave Patriots who just
want a broader surface on an ontological
truth that is global ubiquitous and
should not be classified but Hastings
exists in a tradition of other
researchers who have called out the UFO
nuclear connection before him some of
whom will not see the Vindication that
Hastings will see in his lifetime James
McDon Donald was a physicist at Arizona
State who after seeing a UFO at Savannah
riversite nuclear facility at South
Carolina was made a public mockery of
Harry Turner was the head of the
Australian nuclear program he became
very convinced in the UFO nuclear
connection writing candidly that he
thought the Americans had gone much
deeper on UFOs in anti-gravity than the
fake Air Force Project Blue Book would
have you believe Turner was well
acquainted with the UFO nuclear link due
to many usual occurrences in Australia's
own Atomic test range Turner suggested
in a 1971 document that the Australian
government invest more time and effort
in UFO research the government
unfortunately did not listen to him if
you read Robert Hastings book He's not
telling you what to think he's not
saying that we're definitely living in
the plot of The Day the Earth Stood
Still that these beings are definitely
trying to deter us from destroying the
planet and ourselves although he is
partial to the benevolent protector
Theory a bit more than the Hostile
adversary Theory Hastings main point is
a scientific one that we can't just
throw out the testimony of almost 200
standup Patriots who are screened for
their mental health and say that they
are seeing UFOs repeatably showing up in
sensitive American airspace that's just
bad science and bad thinking but I will
say our world is truly on the brink and
there's likely just a narrow path out we
can react to these nuclear linked UFO
sightings in one of two ways we can
clamp down or we can reach
out perhaps the message that a
23-year-old Mario Woods got from the
beings he encountered are the most
relevant here I kept hearing over and
over do not fear do not fear what do you
hope the world gets from your
testimony understanding perhaps or
possibility of not to think that they're
here to defeat us because if they were
we wouldn't be having this conversation
right now
can you talk to
me can you hear
me God is
good God is
good this story like most is Stranger
than you could ever imagine I wish it
were simpler and I wish this were the
end of it but in our next episode with
Robert Hastings we're going to go one
level deeper I always cite you when I
speak to UFO Skeptics because as
evidenced by this interview you don't
miss a name a date uh you know the setup
of all these Air Force bases and nuclear
sites and so I cite you to Skeptics who
need that level of rigor they need this
repeatable thing in the form of the
nuclear
connection and so I think it it is uh
incredibly C Rous that you've written a
second book and it's called confession
and it's really a a revelation around
what you've experienced personally
around the
phenomena and uh it feels like you were
maybe worried about putting this out
very reasonably because you thought it
would hurt your credibility right you
have had some of your own experiences
with these entities and their crafts is
that right
I have and um